This note provides instructions for the import of absorbance and fluorescence spectra generated from our burn
severity leaching experiment and the calculation of common spectral indices. Note absorbance and fluorescence
measurements were all recorded at 5 milligrams per liter. The available absorbance and fluorescence files provided have been
corrected for dilutions. Fluorescence files have also been raman normalized and inner filter corrected. 

Note, this code was modified from and works in conjunction with drEEM toolbox. When using the this code, please
cite the drEEM toolbox accordingly. 
Murphy K.R., Stedmon C.A., Graeber D. and R. Bro, Fluorescence
spectroscopy and multi-way techniques. PARAFAC, Anal. Methods, 2013, 
DOI:10.1039/c3ay41160e. 

Code has been heavily revised by: 
Alan Roebuck
Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
Sequim, WA 98382
alan.roebuck@pnnl.gov

Instructions for calculating the Spectral Indices:

1) Download Matlab (https://www.mathworks.com/products/matlab.html)
2) Download the most recent release of the drEEM toolbox (https://openfluor.org)
3) Within this folder containing the Fluorescence and Absorbance data, create a new folder called 'Final_Data'
4) Set your path in Matlab to the location of your downloaded drEEM folder
5) Open Matlab, copy and paste the contents of the 'MCRL_EEMs_DataPackage_Code.txt' and 
'SpectralIndicesExport_DataPackage.txt' into new Matlab scripts and save as individual .m files directly
into the drEEM folder
6) Open the SampleLog.csv provided with this data package and fill out the respective information.
	-1) Index (sample number, 1, 2, 3, etc.
	-2) Sample_Name
	-3) Sample Fluorescence File (do not forget file extension, .dat)
	-4) Sample Absorbance file (do not forget file extension, .dat)
	-5) DOC (NPOC) concentration. If this is not available, it is ok. 
7) In the MCRL_EEMs_DataPackage_Code script, fill out section 2
8) Once filled out, hit the Run button. 

Once finished, data will be exported into the Final_Data folder. If DOC concentration is not provided, 2 files will
be generated. 1 with the Spectral Indices (Sr, HIX, BIX) and one with the indivial peaks of interest (A254, A, C, T,
B, M) in RSU. If DOC is available, a third file will be generated with the indiviual peaks in RSU normalized to
DOC concentration. SUVA will also be provided in the Spectral Indices file generated. 

